Bundling Tools
- They can create a new web application or native application.
- They can setup all required library for building application.
- They can create and configure local or cloud server for hosting application.
- They can provide various environments like
    a) Development
    b) Production
- They configure libraries and map to the resources.
- They can compile your application using AOT [Ahead-of-Time].
- There are various bundling tools like
    a) webpack
    b) vite
    c) parcel
    d) rs-build  etc.

Create a new application using Vite:

1. Open any location on your PC from command prompt

2. Run the following command

    >npm  create  vite@latest  app-name -- --template  react

3. It will scaffold a project folder with required configuration, however the library is not yet ready for project.

4. Change into the project folder

    F:\> cd   app-name
    F:\app-name> npm  install

5. This will install all required library for react.
    a) react
    b) react-dom

6. Open your project folder in VS code

7.  Run your application

     > npm run dev

8. Your application is hosted on local server

    http://localhost:5173/


                         React Vite Application File Structure

1. node_modules        : It comprises of all modules required for project.
                      Modules installed using NPM are kept in this folder.

2. public                : It comprises of static resources like html, images, docs,
                      videos etc.

3. src                : It comprises of dynamic resource like css, scss, js, jsx,
                      ts, tsx etc.

4. .gitignore            : It configures the resources to ignore while publishing onto
                      GIT pages.

5. eslint.config.js        : It is JavaScript language analysis tool used to find issues
                      in JavaScript while using with React.


6. index.html            : It is the startup page for application.

7. package.json        : configures the dependencies and batch operations
8. package.lock.json    : to run, debug, test and deploy project.

9. README.md        : It is a help document for developer by developer.

10. vite.config.js        : It configures all required plugins using vite.
                      Initially is defined with "react()".


Note : Change  "src/app.jsx"  to change the startup component UI